Update the perfetto profiler documentation (#11938)
godotengine/godot-docs: engine_details/development/profiling/index.rst

- :ref:`Perfetto <doc_profiler_perfetto>`
- :ref:`Instruments <doc_profiler_instruments>` (Apple only)

.. note::

    Perfetto is the default tracing system for Android, so prebuilt export templates

>     with perfetto built-in and enabled are provided from the `Github release page <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-builds/releases>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Perfetto is the default tracing system for Android, so prebuilt export templates
    with Perfetto built-in and enabled are provided from the `GitHub Releases page <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-builds/releases>`__.
```

- :ref:`Perfetto <doc_profiler_perfetto>`
- :ref:`Instruments <doc_profiler_instruments>` (Apple only)

.. note::

>     Perfetto is the default tracing system for Android, so prebuilt export templates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Perfetto is the default tracing system for Android, so pre-built export templates
```
